Bugs Encountered:
Bug 1 - The data from the input file was not being read completely, only the name was being accepted as an argument.
        To solve this, I needed to include the header <sstream> in order to accept all of one line onto an single string value
        and parsing through the string to obtain each individual argument.

Bug 2 - The data was skipping over string items that had a comma in the argument when parsing through the string.
        To solve this, I ensured that the input file did not generate commas in the arguments for each individual variable.

Bug 3 - The output was displaying the data multiple times, when only one output was necessary.
        To solve this, I removed an additional for loop that was in place, which was outputting the final results after our program
        ran three times instead of once.

Bug 4 - Only the final value was being outputted instead of the average of the entire list.
        In order to solve this I removed the .back() function and instead traversed through the array of lists and accessed each individual
        piece of data in order to calculate the average and modify the data as necessary.

Bug 5 - When one function was called, all of the maps were modified.
        In order to solve this, instead of just sending the map as a whole, I also sent the name of the desired airport and used that as a search-key
        within the argument in order to ensure that only the designated airport's data was modified.

Bug 6 - When adjusting the ratings of the airports, the ratings would go beyond 5.0.
        In order to solve this, I adjusted the code so that if the value of the average code went beyond 5.0, the code would automatically set the
        average value of the ratings to 5.0.

Bug 7 - The search-key was not accepting the desired name as an argument.
        In order to fix this, I implemented the .find(n) function that would search for the designated string on the map, as denoted by n, that was associated
        with the name of the airport that was sent as an argument. This allowed the code to find the desired map and adjust the values as necessary.

Bug 8 - The output was displaying unnecessary spaces between events and data modifications.
        In order to solve this, I removed an unnecessary endline within an external function that would cause an unnecessary gap when called.

Bug 9 - The number of people reported every two weeks would reach unrealistic highs, such as 100 million people every two weeks.
        Adjusted the values within the modification functions, so that it would adjust the values in a manner that would reflect reality better.

Bug 10 - The final output would not display the actual values of the data we were searching for, instead giving us an output error.
        In order to solve this, I declared an external function in order to calculate the desired averages and returned that value to equal an integer declared before
        this function was called. Then I would output those values instead of trying to directly access the values of the list.